Update proxies.md (#8402)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/proxies.md

Because DI configuration is used to inject a proxy, proxies can be dropped in to replace their corresponding classes - or proxy replacements _removed_ - without touching application code.

As a practical example of a proxy, you can see the [StoreManager]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/app/code/Magento/Store/Model/StoreManager.php){:target="_blank"} class and then see the generated `StoreManager` proxy class.

> The following excerpt from the Magento code passes the `storeManager` argument as a proxy to the `Magento\Store\Model\Resolver\Store` class. The `StoreManagerInterface` model is defined as a proxy class by adding `Proxy` at the end of original class in the `di.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following excerpt from the Magento code passes the `storeManager` argument as a proxy to the `Magento\Store\Model\Resolver\Store` class. The `StoreManagerInterface` model is defined as a proxy class by the added `Proxy` at the end of the original class in the `di.xml` file.
```

> Real Example from the Magento core code, We are passing `storeManager` argument as proxy to the `Magento\Store\Model\Resolver\Store` class.
> Define StoreManagerInterface as proxy class by adding `Proxy` Class at the end of original class in the `di.xml` file. `Magento\Store\Model\StoreManagerInterface\Proxy` 
> ```xml

Reviewer: Your proposed addition requires some formatting fixes, including inserting a line before the XML snippet. I suggest the following to help with clarification, but will still need verification.

```suggestion
The following excerpt from the Magento code passes the `storeManager` argument as a proxy to the `Magento\Store\Model\Resolver\Store` class. The `StoreManagerInterface` model is defined as a proxy class by adding `Proxy` at the end of original class in the `di.xml` file.

```xml
```
